Add `formattingToggle.statusBarLabel` settings (#68)
Tom-Bonnike/vscode-formatting-toggle: README.md

💡 Formatting Toggle was created with formatting settings in mind but allows you to toggle any boolean setting that lives at the root of the VSCode configuration. `editor.codeActionsOnSave` is currently the only deeply nested setting supported.

The Status Bar label can be customized via `formattingToggle.statusBarLabel`, which is also in your editor settings (Code › Preferences › Settings).

> Values for `enabled` and `disabled` are distinct, and can include different codicons for each state. See [Product Icon Reference](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/icons-in-labels#icon-listing) for more options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values for `formattingEnabled` and `formattingDisabled` are distinct, and can include different codicons for each state. See [Product Icon Reference](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/icons-in-labels#icon-listing) for more options.
```
